THEME 1 - General knowledge quiz questions
Which country has the highest life expectancy? Hong Kong
What is the most common surname in the United States? Smith
Who was the Ancient Greek God of the Sun? Apollo
How many minutes are in a full week? 10,080
Aureolin is a shade of what color? Yellow

THEME 2 - Geography
Where would you be if you were standing on the Spanish Steps? Rome
What city is known as "The Eternal City"? Rome
In which country would you find Mount Kilimanjaro? Tanzania
True or false: Halloween originated as an ancient Irish festival? True
What is the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world? Mexico City

THEME 3 - Science
How many elements are in the periodic table? 118
Which planet in the Milky Way is the hottest? Venus
Who discovered that the Earth revolves around the sun? Nicolaus Copernicus
Which planet has the most moons? Saturn
Which planet is closest to the sun? Mercury

THEME 4 - History
What was the name of the crime boss who was head of the feared Chicago Outfit? Al Capone
What year was the United Nations established? 1945
What Renaissance artist is buried in Rome's Pantheon? Raphael
Who was the last Tsar of Russia? Nicholas II
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach the South Pole, but where was he from? Norway

THEME 5 - Food and drink
Which country drinks the most coffee per capita? Finland
How many measures of Gordon’s Gin are in a Vesper (James Bond) martini? 3
Cacio e pepe is a staple of what Italian city’s cuisine? Rome
Where did sushi originate? Japan
What is a Beaujolais? Red wine

THEME 6 - Pop culture
Who has won the most total Academy Awards? Walt Disney
What artist has the most streams on Spotify? Drake
What company was originally called "Cadabra"? Amazon
Queen guitarist Brian May is also an expert in what scientific field? Astrophysics
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game? 4

THEME 7 - Sports
What does FIFA stand for in English? International Federation of Association Football
Which country has won the most World Cups? Brazil
Who was the world’s highest-paid athlete in 2023? Cristiano Ronaldo
In what city is the NFL Hall of Fame located? Canton, Ohio
Simone Biles is famous for her skill in what sport? Gymnastics

THEME 8 - Animals
What is the world's fastest bird? Peregrine falcon
What is a group of crows called? A murder
How many hearts does an octopus have? Three
What is a group of pandas known as? An embarrassment
What is the loudest animal on Earth? Sperm whale

THEME 9 - Disney
Where is Disney's European theme park located? Paris, France
Which Disney movie has had the most sequels? Toy Story
"I'll Make a Man Out of You" is a song from which movie? Mulan
What character have both Glen Close and Emma Stone played? Cruella de Vil
Who was the first Disney princess? Snow White

THEME 10 - Test
Domanda 1? Risposta 1
Domanda 2? Risposta 2
Domanda 3? Risposta 3
Domanda 4? Risposta 4
Domanda 5? Risposta 5
